Create august-2024-newsletter.md (#35)
CurtisGreen/dallas-area-transit-alliance: _posts/august-2024-newsletter.md

---
title: "August Newsletter"
excerpt: "Our August newsletter highlights key events, including our General Meeting on August 18 and upcoming public meetings at the DART Board and Dallas City Council."
coverImage: "/assets/blog/august-2024-newsletter/cover.jpg"
date: "2024-08-09T05:00:00.000Z"
author:
  name: DATA Newsletter
  picture: "/assets/blog/authors/data-team.png"
ogImage:
  url: "/assets/blog/august-2024-newsletter/cover.jpg"
---

We have three upcoming events that I want you to be aware of this month.  

## August General Meeting

---
First, our August General Meeting will be on August 18, 2024 from 3pm to 5pm at the Metropolitan [1200 Main Street, Dallas](https://maps.app.goo.gl/pPBSUsQeJYZr1hxf7) (Enter via Murphy Drive) on the 6th floor, same room as the first meeting we held. We will have light snacks and refreshments available.

We will be discussing our strategy for two upcoming public meetings that we want to show up in large numbers for.

## DART Board Meeting

> ---

Reviewer: Horizontal lines shouldn't be used here or anywhere else, probably

Author: was imported from the email but we can remove it if it doesn't look good

> The first meeting is the DART Board meeting at [DART Headquarters](https://maps.app.goo.gl/36uCk3suvRdJPfM47) on August 27, 2024 at 6pm, please arrive 30 minutes early to register for public comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DART Board meeting is at [DART Headquarters](https://maps.app.goo.gl/36uCk3suvRdJPfM47) at Akard Station on August 27, 2024, at 6pm. Please arrive 30 minutes early to register for public comments.
```

> Some members of the DART board are not very supportive of transit. Right now, there is a push among some board members to cut DART’s operating budget by 5-10% this year, and cap DART’s revenue growth. Other DART board members have expressed willingness to compromise with these cities that want to cut DART’s funding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some members of the DART board are not very supportive of transit. Right now, there is a push among some board members to cut DART’s operating budget by 5-10% this year and cap DART’s revenue growth. Other DART board members have expressed willingness to compromise with cities that want to cut DART’s funding.
```

> We are here to to communicate 4 things

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By showing up, we wish to communicate these points to the DART board:
```

> 1. Our opposition to these draconian budget cut resolutions, and our disappointment with the member cities who passed them

Reviewer: draconian is a weird adjective to use

Author: blame Connor not me :p

2. More frequency/service improvements in next year's budget.
3. Our opposition to ANY revenue capping.
4. Express how DART should oppose any state legislation that cuts/caps their budget

## Dallas City Council Meeting

---

> The second meeting is the City of Dallas City Council meeting at [City Hall](https://maps.app.goo.gl/BgTdpbSjKRe73pF88) on August 28, 2024 at 9am. We intend to make a big showing here in support of DART funding, and communicate that we are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dallas City Council meeting is at [City Hall](https://maps.app.goo.gl/BgTdpbSjKRe73pF88) on August 28, 2024, at 9am. We intend to make a big showing here in support of DART funding, and we wish to communicate that we are:
```

1. ***Opposed*** to DART Cuts
2. ***Opposed*** to DART revenue caps
3. ***Opposed*** to any state legislation that seeks to cap/cut DART’s revenue. We do NOT need to get the state legislature involved in DART’s budget.

This meeting is just one day after the DART board meeting. If you can only attend one meeting, Dallas residents should prioritize this one.

> Registration for public comments will close at 5pm on August 27th.If you plan on attending this meeting in-person, please let us know so we can get a count. The City of Dallas also allows speaking virtually as an option in the event you are unable to attend due to other obligations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registration for public comments will close at 5pm on August 27th. If you plan to attend this meeting in-person, please let us know so we can get a count. The City of Dallas also allows speaking virtually as an option in case you cannot attend in-person.
```

> Registration will open on the 22nd at 8:15 am, you can register to speak 3 ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registration to speak at the City Council meeting will open on August 22nd at 8:15 am. There are 3 ways to register:
```

---
title: "August Newsletter"
excerpt: "Our August newsletter highlights key events, including our General Meeting on August 18 and upcoming public meetings at the DART Board and Dallas City Council."
coverImage: "/assets/blog/august-2024-newsletter/cover.jpg"

> date: "2024-08-08T05:00:00.000Z"

Author: Delay sending until tomorrow update the date to August 9

author:
  name: DATA Newsletter
  picture: "/assets/blog/authors/data-team.png"
ogImage:
  url: "/assets/blog/august-2024-newsletter/cover.jpg"
---
Hello there,  

> We have three upcoming events that I want you to be aware of this month.  

Reviewer 2: Is this intended to be written like it's a letter from someone?

Author: Originally yes, this was pulled directly from the email we are sending out. I'm just now realizing it should be slightly more formal

Reviewer 2: It’s okay if it’s like this but I think it would need to be consistent all the way though

We have three upcoming events that I want you to be aware of this month.  

## August General Meeting

---

> First, our August General Meeting will be on August 18, 2024 from 3pm to 5pm at the Metropolitan [1200 Main Street, Dallas](https://maps.app.goo.gl/pPBSUsQeJYZr1hxf7) (Enter via Murphy Drive) on the 6th floor, same room as the first meeting we held. We will have light snacks and refreshments available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, our August General Meeting will be on August 18, 2024, from 3-5pm at The Metropolitan located at [1200 Main Street, Dallas](https://maps.app.goo.gl/pPBSUsQeJYZr1hxf7). When you get there, enter via the Murphy Drive entrance and head to the community room on the 6th floor (same room as the first general meeting). We will have light snacks and refreshments available.
```

> We will be discussing our strategy for two upcoming public meetings that we want to show up in large numbers for.

Reviewer 2: I think for each of these the meeting info should be laid out and then a brief description of them. That lets people see the dates at a glance and increases the likelihood they'll read it

Author: Do you have some proposed wording?

 
## DART Board Meeting

---

> The first meeting is the DART Board meeting at [DART Headquarters](https://maps.app.goo.gl/36uCk3suvRdJPfM47)on August 27, 2024 at 6pm, please arrive 30 minutes early to register for public comments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first meeting is the DART Board meeting at [DART Headquarters](https://maps.app.goo.gl/36uCk3suvRdJPfM47) on August 27, 2024 at 6pm, please arrive 30 minutes early to register for public comments.
```

Some members of the DART board are not very supportive of transit. Right now, there is a push among some board members to cut DART’s operating budget by 5-10% this year, and cap DART’s revenue growth. Other DART board members have expressed willingness to compromise with these cities that want to cut DART’s funding.

We are here to to communicate 3 things

1. More frequency/service improvements in next year's budget.
2. Our opposition to these draconian budget cut resolutions, and our disappointment with the member cities who passed them
3. Our opposition to ANY revenue capping.

> 4. Express how DART should oppose any state legislation that cuts/caps their budget

Reviewer 2: I think opposing cuts should be 1. rather than more service

Author: Agreed

## Dallas City Council Meeting

---
The second meeting is the City of Dallas City Council meeting at [City Hall](https://maps.app.goo.gl/BgTdpbSjKRe73pF88) on August 28, 2024 at 9am. We intend to make a big showing here in support of DART funding, and communicate that we are:

> 

Author: Remove the extra space here

1. ***Opposed*** to DART Cuts
2. ***Opposed*** to DART revenue caps
3. ***Opposed*** to any state legislation that seeks to cap/cut DART’s revenue. We do NOT need to get the state legislature involved in DART’s budget.

> 

Author: Remove the extra space here

This meeting is just one day after the DART board meeting. If you can only attend one meeting, Dallas residents should prioritize this one.

Registration for public comments will close at 5pm on August 27th.If you plan on attending this meeting in-person, please let us know so we can get a count. The City of Dallas also allows speaking virtually as an option in the event you are unable to attend due to other obligations.

> In general, registration will open on the 22nd at 8:15 am, you can register to speak 3 ways.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Registration will open on the 22nd at 8:15 am, you can register to speak 3 ways.
```

1. Register online at [personalfinance.dallascityhall.com/speakers.aspx](https://personalfinance.dallascityhall.com/speakers.aspx)
2. Email [secspeakerrequest@dallas.gov](mailto:secspeakerrequest@dallas.gov) with your name, address, phone number and meeting method (teleconference or in-person)
3. Call the office at [214-670-3738](tel:+12146703738) with your name, address, phone number and meeting method (teleconference or in-person)

 > As a reminder, the City of Dallas limits speakers to one public comment per month so please be aware of that. You can read the full policy on the [Dallas City Council website](https://dallascityhall.com/government/citysecretary/pages/ccrules.aspx). 

The DART board meeting and the Dallas City Council Meeting we plan on attending are back to back, the board meeting is Tuesday Evening, the Dallas City Council meeting is Wednesday morning.

Please make sure to follow all of our social media for the latest updates and news.

> Thanks,

Reviewer 2: Either should have no comma or should have someone's name or "DATA", or whatever

Author: Changed to less of a letter

---
title: "August Newsletter"
excerpt: "Our August newsletter highlights key events, including our General Meeting on August 18 and upcoming public meetings at the DART Board and Dallas City Council."
coverImage: "/assets/blog/august-2024-newsletter/cover.jpg"
date: "2024-08-09T05:00:00.000Z"
author:
  name: DATA Newsletter
  picture: "/assets/blog/authors/data-team.png"
ogImage:
  url: "/assets/blog/august-2024-newsletter/cover.jpg"
---

> We have three upcoming events that I want you to be aware of this month.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DATA's August newsletter highlights key events, including our General Meeting on August 18 and upcoming public meetings at the DART Board and Dallas City Council.
```

## August General Meeting

---

> * *August 18, 2024 from 3pm to 5pm

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* August 18, 2024 from 3pm to 5pm
```

* Metropolitan [1200 Main Street, Dallas](https://maps.app.goo.gl/pPBSUsQeJYZr1hxf7) (Enter via Murphy Drive) on the 6th floor
* Same room as the first meeting we held. We will have light snacks and refreshments available.

We will be discussing our strategy for two upcoming public meetings that we want to show up in large numbers for.

## DART Board Meeting

---

* August 27, 2024 at 6:00pm

> * [DART Headquarters](https://maps.app.goo.gl/36uCk3suvRdJPfM47)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [DART Headquarters](https://maps.app.goo.gl/36uCk3suvRdJPfM47) at Akard Station
```

* Please arrive 30 minutes early to register for public comments.

Some members of the DART board are not very supportive of transit. Right now, there is a push among some board members to cut DART’s operating budget by 5-10% this year, and cap DART’s revenue growth. Other DART board members have expressed willingness to compromise with these cities that want to cut DART’s funding.

We are here to to communicate 4 things

1. Our opposition to these draconian budget cut resolutions, and our disappointment with the member cities who passed them
2. More frequency/service improvements in next year's budget.
3. Our opposition to ANY revenue capping.
4. Express how DART should oppose any state legislation that cuts/caps their budget

## Dallas City Council Meeting

---

> The second meeting is the City of Dallas City Council meeting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* August 28, 2024 at 9:00 am
* [City Hall](https://maps.app.goo.gl/BgTdpbSjKRe73pF88)  

We intend to make a big showing here in support of DART funding, and communicate that we are:

1. ***Opposed*** to DART Cuts
2. ***Opposed*** to DART revenue caps
3. ***Opposed*** to any state legislation that seeks to cap/cut DART’s revenue. We do NOT need to get the state legislature involved in DART’s budget.

This meeting is just one day after the DART board meeting. If you can only attend one meeting, Dallas residents should prioritize this one.

Registration for public comments will close at 5pm on August 27th.If you plan on attending this meeting in-person, please let us know so we can get a count. The City of Dallas also allows speaking virtually as an option in the event you are unable to attend due to other obligations.

Registration will open on the 22nd at 8:15 am, you can register to speak 3 ways.

> 1. Register online at [personalfinance.dallascityhall.com/speakers.aspx](https://personalfinance.dallascityhall.com/speakers.aspx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Register online at [personalfinance.dallascityhall.com/speakers.aspx](https://personalfinance.dallascityhall.com/speakers.aspx).
```

> 2. Email [secspeakerrequest@dallas.gov](mailto:secspeakerrequest@dallas.gov) with your name, address, phone number and meeting method (teleconference or in-person)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Email [secspeakerrequest@dallas.gov](mailto:secspeakerrequest@dallas.gov) with your name, address, phone number, and meeting method (teleconference or in-person).
```

> 3. Call the office at [214-670-3738](tel:+12146703738) with your name, address, phone number and meeting method (teleconference or in-person)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Call the office at [214-670-3738](tel:+12146703738) with your name, address, phone number, and meeting method (teleconference or in-person).
```

>  > As a reminder, the City of Dallas limits speakers to one public comment per month so please be aware of that. You can read the full policy on the [Dallas City Council website](https://dallascityhall.com/government/citysecretary/pages/ccrules.aspx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > NOTE: The City of Dallas limits speakers to one public comment per month, so please be wary of that. You can read the full policy on the [Dallas City Council website](https://dallascityhall.com/government/citysecretary/pages/ccrules.aspx).
```

> The DART board meeting and the Dallas City Council Meeting we plan on attending are back to back, the board meeting is Tuesday Evening, the Dallas City Council meeting is Wednesday morning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a reminder, the public meetings we plan on attending are back to back - the DART Board meeting is Tuesday evening, and the Dallas City Council meeting is Wednesday morning. If you can only attend one, Dallas residents should prioritize attending the Dallas City Council meeting.
```

---
title: "August Newsletter"
excerpt: "Our August newsletter highlights key events, including our General Meeting on August 18 and upcoming public meetings at the DART Board and Dallas City Council."
coverImage: "/assets/blog/august-2024-newsletter/cover.jpg"
date: "2024-08-09T05:00:00.000Z"
author:
  name: DATA Newsletter
  picture: "/assets/blog/authors/data-team.png"
ogImage:
  url: "/assets/blog/august-2024-newsletter/cover.jpg"
---

We have three upcoming events that I want you to be aware of this month.  

## August General Meeting

---
* August 18, 2024 from 3pm to 5pm
* The Metropolitan Condos [1200 Main Street, Dallas](https://maps.app.goo.gl/pPBSUsQeJYZr1hxf7) 

> * Enter via Murphy Drive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the Murphy Drive entrance. The meeting will be in the Community Room on the 6th floor (same room as the first general meeting).
```

> * Same room as the first meeting we held on the 6th Floor. We will have light snacks and refreshments available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We will have light snacks and refreshments available.
```

We will be discussing our strategy for two upcoming public meetings that we want to show up in large numbers for.

## DART Board Meeting

---

* August 27, 2024 at 6:00pm
* [DART Headquarters](https://maps.app.goo.gl/36uCk3suvRdJPfM47)
* Please arrive 30 minutes early to register for public comments.

Some members of the DART board are not very supportive of transit. Right now, there is a push among some board members to cut DART’s operating budget by 5-10% this year, and cap DART’s revenue growth. Other DART board members have expressed willingness to compromise with these cities that want to cut DART’s funding.

We are here to to communicate 4 things

1. Our opposition to these draconian budget cut resolutions, and our disappointment with the member cities who passed them
2. More frequency/service improvements in next year's budget.
3. Our opposition to ANY revenue capping.
4. Express how DART should oppose any state legislation that cuts/caps their budget

## Dallas City Council Meeting

---
The second meeting is the City of Dallas City Council meeting
* August 28, 2024 at 9:00 am
* [City Hall](https://maps.app.goo.gl/BgTdpbSjKRe73pF88)  

> We intend to make a big showing here in support of DART funding, and communicate that we are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We intend to make a big showing here in support of DART funding, and we wish to communicate that we are:
```

Registration will open on the 22nd at 8:15 am, you can register to speak 3 ways.

1. Register online at [personalfinance.dallascityhall.com/speakers.aspx](https://personalfinance.dallascityhall.com/speakers.aspx)
2. Email [secspeakerrequest@dallas.gov](mailto:secspeakerrequest@dallas.gov) with your name, address, phone number and meeting method (teleconference or in-person)
3. Call the office at [214-670-3738](tel:+12146703738) with your name, address, phone number and meeting method (teleconference or in-person)

 > As a reminder, the City of Dallas limits speakers to one public comment per month so please be aware of that. You can read the full policy on the [Dallas City Council website](https://dallascityhall.com/government/citysecretary/pages/ccrules.aspx).

The DART board meeting and the Dallas City Council Meeting we plan on attending are back to back, the board meeting is Tuesday Evening, the Dallas City Council meeting is Wednesday morning.

> Please make sure to follow all of our social media for the latest updates and news.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the latest updates and news, follow DATA's social media at [https://dallasareatransitalliance.org/contact](https://dallasareatransitalliance.org/contact).
```

  url: "/assets/blog/august-2024-newsletter/cover.jpg"
---

> DATA's August newsletter highlights key events, including our General Meeting on August 18 and upcoming public meetings at the DART Board and Dallas City Council.

Author: Shouldn't this be in the excerpt?

Reviewer 3: s/DATA's/Our

Reviewer: The other articles have the excerpt at the top of the page as well, so I figured I'd follow the format.

Reviewer: > s/DATA's/Our

Also, I figured it would be important to dictate who "we" are at the very top of the article
